feat(curriculum/python): add vector space project to python curriculum (#54140)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/07-scientific-computing-with-python/learn-special-methods-by-building-a-vector-space/65faaed8f7a9772f023ea816.md

---
id: 65faaed8f7a9772f023ea816
title: Step 48
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-48
---

# --description--

> Vectors can be multiplied by a *scalar*, i.e. a number that multiplies each single components. The result of a scalar multiplication is a vector with the same orientation of the original vector but different magnitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vectors can be multiplied by a *scalar*, i.e. a number that multiplies each single component. The result of scalar multiplication is a vector with the same orientation as the original vector but a different magnitude.
```

> Create an `if` statement to check if `other` is an `int` or a `float`. Use the `isinstance` function and pass it the tuple `(int, float)` as the second argument.

Reviewer: It would be good to specify that this condition is for scalar multiplication, the dot/cross product would be catered in the other clauses

# --hints--

> You should create an `if` statement the checks if `other` is an instance of `int` or `float`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should create an `if` statement that checks if `other` is an instance of `int` or `float`.
```
